Add UI package + docs (#8)
elastic/azure-vm-extension: README.md

# Elastic Agent VM extensions

ElasticAgent.windows for Windows systems
ElasticAgent.linux for Linux systems

> The ElasticAgent VM extensions are small applications that provide post-deployment configuration and automation on Azure VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elastic Agent VM extensions are small applications that provide post-deployment configuration and automation on Azure VMs.
```

> The ElasticAgent VM extensions are small applications that provides post-deployment configuration and automation on Azure VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elastic Agent VM extensions are small applications that provide post-deployment configuration and automation on Azure VMs.
```

Author: I've handled all texts fixes

> Once installed, the ElasticAgent VM extension will download the Elastic Agent artifacts, install the Elastic Agent on the virtual machine, enroll it to Fleet and then start the agent service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, the Elastic Agent VM extension will download the Elastic Agent artifacts, install the Elastic Agent on the virtual machine, enroll it to Fleet and then start the agent service.
```

Author: the name of the vm extension is ElasticAgent but both options work

> Once installed, the ElasticAgent VM extension will download the elastic agent artifacts, install the elastic agent on the virtual machine, enroll it to Fleet and then start the agent service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, the ElasticAgent VM extension will download the Elastic Agent artifacts, install the elastic agent on the virtual machine, enroll it to Fleet and then start the agent service.
```
